🧹 update and simplify the readme (#310)
mondoohq/installer: README.md

# Installation

> The most easy way to install `cnquery` & `cnspec` is to use the install script. It 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The easiest way to install `cnquery` & `cnspec` is to use the install script. It 
```
